minke whales make their way into these
placid waters in summer this is the most
abundant whale in the southern ocean
Minka's are one of the smallest of all
the baleen whales and like all others
they come here to feed the majestic
humpback whales are also summer visitors
they have traveled thousands of miles
from their winter breeding grounds and
the tropics to gather the food that
becomes available here in summer
in just four months they accumulate
enough fat to provide them with energy
for the whole of the rest of the year
all these animals have come here in
search of one thing the krill
krill is the mainstay of the Antarctic
food web
it occurred in phenomenal quantity
billions of individuals in a single
swarm and swarms can stretch for miles
fur seals also collect this rich super
abundant food cruel swarms of an Apache
but once found feeding is easy
you
comebacks engulf hundreds of thousands
of them in a single gargantuan mouth
when the going is good the whales feed
continuously each eating up to two tons
of pool in 24 hours